===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.msmt.cz/eu-and-international-affairs/government-scholarships-developing-countries =====
Government Scholarships – Developing Countries, MŠMT ČR
ePrivacy and GPDR Cookie Consent by TermsFeed Generator
Jump to content
Jump to navigation
MŠMT ČR
Navigation
Ministry
Minister
Top Executives
History
Areas of Work
Preschool Education
Basic Education
Tertiary Education
Further Education
Social Programs
Sport and Youth
Structural Funds
Contacts and Information
FAQ
Research - Development
Programme DIOSCURI
Horizon 2020 - Brexit
Government Commissioner for European Research
EU and International Affairs
Recognition of qualification and education in the Czech Republic
Scholarships
Czech for Foreigners
Marwel seznam
Moje menu
Přidat stránku pod názvem:
Last read articles
Government Scholarships – Developing Countries
Search
Login
Register
x
Username:
Password:
Lost Password?
Language switching
Language selection
CZ
Home
&frasl;
EU and International Affairs
&frasl;
Scholarships
&frasl;
Government Scholarships – Developing Countries
Government Scholarships – Developing Countries
The Government of the Czech Republic offers scholarships within the framework of its Foreign Development
Cooperation in support of the study of foreign nationals from developing countries listed below at public
institutions of higher education in the Czech Republic. The applications period for the
academic year 2027/2028 is from 21 August until 30 September 2026.
GENERAL INFORMATION
Granting scholarships to citizens of developing countries for studies at the Czech public higher education
institutions (hereinafter referred to as “universities”) is an important part of the foreign development cooperation
of the Czech Republic and has a long tradition. From the late 1950s to the present day, over 20 000 foreign nationals
have completed their studies at the Czech universities with a scholarship of the Government of the Czech Republic.
Government scholarships supporting studies at universities in the Czech Republic are governed by the Resolution of
the Government of the Czech Republic No. 870 as of 27th November 2024 and established as part of a joint foreign
development cooperation program pursued by the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports ( https://msmt.gov.cz/ ) and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( https://mzv.gov.cz/ ), and implemented in cooperation with the Ministry of Health ( https://mzd.gov.cz/ ).
ELIGIBLE COUNTRIES AND STUDY PROGRAMMES
Government scholarships for the academic year 2027/2028 are offered only to the citizens of the following
countries :
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Ukraine, Belarus (democratic forces),
Ethiopia, Gabon, Mauritania, Zambia,
Bangladesh, Cambodia, Palestine,
Guatemala, Honduras.
Scholarships are designed to cover the standard length of full-time study
pursued in the Czech language:
Follow-up Master’s study programmes (two-year-long) in selected areas of
study (for applicants from Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Ukraine and Belarus) preceded by a one-year
long preparatory course of the Czech language (part of the scholarship), provided by the Institute for Language and
Preparatory Studies, Charles University ( https://ujop.cuni.cz/ );
pursued in the English language (for applicants from all the eligible countries):
Selected follow-up Master’s study programmes (two-year-long
programmes),
Selected Doctoral study programmes (three- to four-year-long
programmes).
Other conditions:
The condition for granting a scholarship for studies in a follow-up master's study program is the completion of a
bachelor's study program .
The condition for granting a scholarship for studies in a doctoral study program is the completion of a master's
study program.
An applicant for a government scholarship in support of English-medium studies is obliged to sit an online
entrance English language test in the course of his/her application submission, which proves that he/she has a
sufficient command of English.
The scholarships are intended solely to promote studies of foreign nationals from developing and specific
third countries. Neither a citizen of the Czech Republic, nor a citizen of the European Union, nor any other foreign
national with a permanent residence permit in the territory of the Czech Republic may, therefore, apply for a
scholarship of this type. There is no legal claim to scholarship award.
APPLICATION SUBMISSION AND DEADLINE
Each applicant is obliged to fill in an electronic application
form by 30 September 2026 at the latest. The successful applicants start studying in the
academic year 2027/2028.
Access to the application is available, from 21 August 2026 until 30 September 2026, within the relevant call under
the Foreign Development Cooperation program or via the link "Submit an application" visible after registration on the
portal.
Each applicant for a government scholarship can only register once and submit only one application.
The application is complete only after completing the motivation letter and filling in the mandatory tests.
Applicants for studies in the Czech language complete only the general study prerequisites test, while applicants for
studies in the English language also fill in the English test.
Detailed information on the terms and conditions of scholarship awards is provided in the binding "Guidelines for
Granting Scholarships of the Government of the Czech Republic", issued in Czech and English:
Czech: Dispozice 2026.docx
English: Guidelines 2026.docx
Prospective applicants are advised to read carefully the guidelines before applying.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
FAQ_2026.docx
If you do not find answers to your questions in the aforementioned documents, do not hesitate to contact
us at registr@dzs cz .
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
Prospective applicants should acquaint themselves with information on the personal data protection at the Ministry of
Education, Youth and Sport of the Czech Republic, in compliance with the respective EU GDPR Regulation:
in Czech
in English
Information on the personal data protection at the Ministry's subordinate agency, Czech National Agency for
International Education and Research, is available here:
in Czech
in English
Up
Section navigation
Recognition of qualification and education in the Czech Republic
Scholarships
Government Scholarships – Developing Countries
Scholarships for the Academic Year 2026/2027
Summer Schools of Slavonic Studies 2026
Czech for Foreigners
Contact
Department of International Relations and the European Union
Tel: +420 234 811 537
E-mail: omv@msmt cz
E-MAIL FOR QUESTIONS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT SCHOLARSHIPS: registr@dzs cz
Footer
Ministry of education
youth and sports
Sitemap | Contacts | Declaration of Web Content Accessibility | RSS
Contact
Karmelitska 529/5
118 12 Praha 1
Contact phone:
+420 234 811 111
Mailroom to the public
Mon - Fri 7:30 - 15:30
Official postal address:
posta@msmt cz
ID Of data box: vidaawt
Contact for media
tel.: +420 234 811 716
e-mail: press@msmt cz
Contact for public
tel. : +420 234 812 180
tel. : +420 234 811 725
e-mail: info@msmt cz
&copy;
2013 &ndash; 2026
MŠMT
Change your cookie preferences
Webdesign and webdeveloping by QCM