===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.mitacs.ca/en/programs/globalink/globalink-research-internship =====
Embark on a Global Research Journey with Globalink Internship
Contact Us
News &#038; Events
Mitacs Plus
Français
Get Started
Menu
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About Mitacs
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Mitacs Plus
Contact
News &#038; Events
English
Français
Get Started
Search our Site:
Student
Globalink Research Internship: Students
Access Canada’s dynamic and innovative research landscape, gain valuable hands-on research experience in your chosen field, and open the door to exciting international opportunities in the future through a Globalink Research Internship. Open to undergraduate students in Mitacs’ partner countries, the competitive initiative facilitates 12-week internships in research projects hosted by Canadian academic-institution faculty members in a variety of academic disciplines, from science, engineering, and mathematics to the humanities and social sciences.
Program Details Funding Eligibility How To Apply Program Administration Responsibilities FAQs
Program Details
Applications are now open for summer 2027! Don’t miss your opportunity to apply. Submit your application today by clicking here .
Deadline to apply: Wednesday, September 16, 2026, at 1:00 p.m. (Pacific time). Applications will not be accepted past the deadline.
Mitacs Globalink Research Internship is a competitive initiative for international undergraduates from the following countries and regions: Austria, Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Jordan, Mexico, Pakistan, Peru, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, Tunisia, Ukraine, United Kingdom and the United States. From May to October of each year, top-ranked applicants participate in a 12-week research internship under the supervision of Canadian academic institution faculty members in a variety of academic disciplines, from science, engineering, and mathematics to the humanities and social sciences.
Mitacs Globalink Research Internships can offer you an international experience like no other. Canada features excellent universities, outstanding research facilities, cutting-edge industry innovation, and unparalleled undergraduate training opportunities.
What a Mitacs Globalink Research Internship offers you:
A 12-week internship that increases your knowledge of and explores hands-on research in your field of study
Work under the supervision of outstanding faculty members, with graduate students and research associates
Access to Canada’s unique research landscape: applied, dynamic, and innovative
A rewarding experience combining academic research at a Canadian academic institution, professional skills development courses and social activities
A chance for you to explore your independence and gain international experience in a new country
Mitacs Globalink Research Internships are currently available at over 70 academic institutions across Canada.
The GRI program works in collaboration with multiple international partners. For more information, please refer to the list of Eligible International Partners for each country in the Eligibility section.
Questions? Contact [email&#160;protected] .
Funding
The Globalink research internship award amount includes:
Funding to contribute to the cost of a round-trip airfare to Canada (amount varies depending on country of origin)
Funding to contribute to the cost of transportation from the airport in Canada to accommodation
Stipend for housing (amount varies depending on country of origin)
Stipend towards student enrollment fees (amount varies depending on host institution)
Stipend for food and incidentals (amount varies depending on country of origin)
Emergency health insurance policy for the duration of the internship
Support from student mentors on campus in Canada
Access to industry events and professional development courses
Eligibility
Eligibility requirements for 2027
Applicants must:
Be at least 18 years of age at the time of application
Be enrolled in a full-time undergraduate or combined undergraduate/master’s program at an eligible institution (see list of eligible institutions by country)
Applicants must have completed at least two years of undergraduate study or be in be enrolled in the second year of their current program (see requirement by country)
Have one to three semesters remaining in their program as of fall 2027 (see requirement by country)
Meet the grade requirements for their country of study (see GPA requirements for each international partner)
Apply to a minimum of three and a maximum of ten projects and ensure selections are from at least three different Canadian provinces
Be fluent in the oral and written language of the project (English and/or French), meaning you have sufficient proficiency to understand, communicate, and carry out the research activities in both spoken and written forms.
Be available to complete an internship lasting 12 consecutive weeks between May 1 and October 31. You must be able to start your internship anytime between May 1st and July 31st. Anything before or after those dates is not allowed.
Not have been awarded a Globalink Research Internship project in the past.
Any applicant who is currently affiliated with, or in receipt of funding or in-kind support from one or more of the institutions on the list of NROs is not eligible to participate in a Mitacs-funded project involving research that aims to advance a Sensitive Technology Research Area (STRA) . Mitacs will also screen a sample of applications, selected at its sole discretion, and validate the accuracy of the completed declarations. Mitacs reserves the right to decline funding, at any point, for a project that advances a sensitive technology research area because of affiliations of concern.
Additional international-partner eligibility requirements for students applying for Globalink Research Internships
Austria - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  TU Austria &#8211; TU Austria: TU Austria
Citizenship requirement:  No
Eligible institutions in Austia: View eligibility list for Austria  – no other institutions can be added
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students who are members of TU Austria or its associated universities are eligible to apply.
Eligible discipline: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average: 62,5% (min. 2,5 average)
Language proficiency exam requirements:  No
Additional requirements:
TU Austria applicants are encouraged to pay particular attention to the following key thematic areas:
Circular Tech,
Precision Tech,
Energy Tech,
Sustainable Built Environment,
AI Tech,
Resilience Tech,
Space Tech,
BioTech, and
Environmental Tech.
Brazil - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Fundação Araucária &#8211;  https://www.fappr.pr.gov.br/
Citizenship requirement: Yes; Brazilian citizen
Eligible institutions in Brazil : Only public, Technology and Innovation Institutions (ICTs) or private non-profit ICTs as defined under Paraná State Law No. 20,541/2021 with headquarters/CNPJ in Paraná, as approved by Fundação Araucária.
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program. Applicants must at least be enrolled in the second year of their program.
Eligible disciplines:  All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  80%
Language proficiency exam requirement: Yes
English requirement can be certified by TOEFL,
Parana Speaks Languages program declaration,
or any other  English Language proficiency test indicating B1 level or higher
Additional requirements:
Must be a registered student at an approved Parana State University
The student must be carrying out an initial scientific or technological research:
Under the supervision of a professor (PIBIC/PIBIS/PIBIT), or;
Be part of a research group, or;
Be part of an extension project under the supervision of a professor (PIBEX, or;
Be part of teaching initiation/pedagogy residence (PIBID), or;
Be part of a PET project (Tutorial Educational Program)
Successful applicants must comply with Fundação Araucária’s guidelines and procedures to receive the scholarship.
Please visit  https://www.fappr.pr.gov.br/  to review Araucaria Foundation’s guidelines for successful applicants to receive the scholarship.
Chile - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  CRUCH-FUDEA
CRUCH –  https://www.consejoderectores.cl/
FUDEA &#8211;  https://www.fudeaufro.cl/
Citizenship requirement:  No
Eligible institutions in Chile : View eligibility list for Chile – no other institutions can be added
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program.
Eligible discipline: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  67%
Please use the following formula to convert your grade to a percentage: (GPA-1)*100/6
Language proficiency exam requirements:  Yes
English requirement can be certified by TOEFL, or a certificate of English proficiency from the student´s home university indicating B2 level or higher
Additional requirements:  No
China - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  China Scholarship Council (CSC) &#8211;  https://www.csc.edu.cn/
Citizenship requirement:  Yes; Chinese citizenship
If you are unclear about if your citizenship status is eligible, please contact the CSC
Eligible institutions in China : View eligibility list for China – no other institutions can be added
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students
Eligible disciplines: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  85%
Language requirements:  Yes
Candidates must pass language proficiency exam requirements by meeting one of the following criteria:
English major sophomore or above
Have studied in an English-speaking country for over 8 months
Passed the National Foreign Language Proficiency Test (WSK)
Attend advanced English class designated by the Ministry of Education and obtained the certificate of completion
Meet the IELTS (academic) 6.5 or TOEFL-95 or above. Certificates and proof of exam to be submitted to the CSC and not Mitacs.
Meet the requirement of Mitacs through an interview with a proved document or be listed in the invitation letter.
Candidates will be required to submit their language proficiency to the CSC before travelling.
Additional requirements:
If you are successful in securing an offer from Mitacs, please register with the CSC before December 30 24:00, 2026. Please visit the CSC website to learn how you can register: 国家公派留学管理信息平台 (csc.edu.cn)
If you have any questions about registering with the CSC, please contact your home university. Note that you will not be accepted into the Globalink program if you do not meet both Globalink and CSC eligibility requirements and complete both applications.
All candidates must be able to complete three full months of internship without interruption, extension or shortening the duration. A three-month internship is 90 days long. No exceptions will be provided.
Applicants are required to submit their student ID on the registration platforms.
The applicant should graduate between January 1st, and December 30th, 2028.
Colombia - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Citizenship requirement :  Yes; Colombian citizenship
Eligible institutions in Colombia : All Colombian universities.
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Eligible disciplines: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  76%
Students should take the weighted average of their studies and multiply this value by 10. This number is then multiplied again by 2 and the result is the value to be included in the form.
E.g. Colombian weighted average = 3.8; 3.8 x 10 = 38; 38 x 2 = 76; GPA = 76
Additional requirements: No
Finland - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s): The Finnish National Agency for Education (EDUFI) &#8211; Finnish National Agency for Education
Citizenship requirement:  No
Eligible institutions in Finland: All Finnish higher education institutions (universities and universities of applied sciences).
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected] , and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
After the completion of the Mitacs program students must have a minimum of one semester and a maximum of three semesters remaining in their degree when they return to Finland.
Eligible discipline: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average: 4.0/5.0 (approximately equivalent to 80%)
Language proficiency exam requirements:  No
Additional requirements: No
France - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  University of Grenoble Alpes &#8211; Université Grenoble Alpes
Citizenship requirements:  No
Eligible institutions in France : All French universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Eligible applicants:
University of Grenoble Alpes (UGA):
Applicants must be registered in L3, M1 or 1st or 2nd year of engineering
All Others:  Applicants must be registered in L3/M1 during the internship
Eligible disciplines: All disciplines are welcome to apply, including those in social sciences and humanities
Minimum cumulative grade point average:
University of Grenoble Alpes (UGA) : 13/20 (equivalent to a CGPA of 70/100)
All Others:  12/20 or 60%
Students must multiply their French grade (out of 20) by 5 to get a percentage out of 100. For e.g. 12/20 x 5 = 60%
Language proficiency exam requirements:
University of Grenoble Alpes (UGA):  Yes. B2 level in English required. Applicants must send  proof of language proficiency to their respective UGA school no later than the Globalink Research Internship application deadline. All types of English certification are accepted.
All others:  No
Additional requirements:
University of Grenoble Alpes (UGA):   In the “Documents” section of the application, applicants must upload a certificate (&#8221;certificat de soutien&#8221;)presenting the transcripts of the last two years of study and their translation to GPA. To obtain this certificate, applicants must contact their academic unit at UGA (Composante, école) before applying to obtain their formal support and the certificate. The certificate must be signed by the UGA academic in charge of the concerned academic program and must confirm the applicant will be registered at UGA during their stay in Canada and for the total duration of the internship. Please see more  details on the UGA website .
Germany - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst: RISE Weltweit (DAAD) &#8211;   www.daad.de/rise-ww
Citizenship requirements:  No
Eligible institutions in Germany : All German universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate program: Bachelor, Staatsexamen or Diplom students (German applicants enrolled in a master’s degree are not eligible for the program)
Earliest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate before): July 2027
Latest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate after): July 2029
Eligible disciplines:
Biology
Chemistry
Computer science
Earth sciences
Engineering
Physics and related fields of study
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  2.9/6 or lower (65%)
Language proficiency exam requirement:  No
Special instructions: Applicants may request shorter internships, with a minimum 10-week duration, when meeting with professors and to be finalized if they are matched. These exception requests must be sent to, and approved by, the supervising professor and Mitacs.
Hong Kong - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University &#8211;  https://www.polyu.edu.hk/
The University of Hong Kong (HKU) &#8211;  https://www.hku.hk/
Citizenship requirements:  No
Eligible institutions in Hong Kong :  View eligibility list below – no other institutions can be added
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
The University of Hong Kong (HKU)
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students only
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University:
PolyU students are expected to be available for the internship after the examination period and before the start of the new semester between May and August 2027 (for 12 weeks).
The University of Hong Kong (HKU) :
Students should have at least 1 semester remaining in their undergraduate degree at the time they complete their internship. It&#8217;s acceptable for interns to still have 6 remaining semesters when they complete their internship.
Eligible disciplines:  All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University: 3.0 (69.7%)
The University of Hong Kong (HKU): 3,3 (75%)
To calculate your GPA as a percentage please use the following formula: CGPA/4.3*100%
Language proficiency exam requirement:  No
Additional requirements:
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University : Applicants will need to apply with PolyU before applying with Mitacs. Information on internal application will be announced by PolyU.
I confirm that the following applies: I am completing my undergraduate degree, and I am in my senior year.
The University of Hong Kong (HKU) : Applicants will need to apply to the HKU International Affairs Office before applying to Mitacs. The information on internal application can be found here:  HKU International Affairs Office
Students should have at least 1 semester remaining in their undergraduate degree at the time they complete their internship.
India - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  All India Council for Technical Education &#8211; aicte.gov.in
Citizenship requirement:  Yes; Indian Nationals only
Eligible institutions in India: View eligibility list for India – no other institutions can be added.
&#8211; If your institution is not listed, you are not eligible to apply.
&#8211; At this time, applicants from Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) are not eligible to participate in the 2027 GRI program.
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Eligible discipline:
Engineering (B.E) and
Technology (B. Tech)
Minimum cumulative grade point average: 70%
Language proficiency exam requirements:  No
Additional requirements: No
Ireland - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s): Higher Education Authority &#8211;  Higher Education Authority
Citizenship requirement:  No
Eligible institutions in Ireland : View eligibility list for Ireland  – no other institutions can be added
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Earliest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate before): December 31, 2028
Latest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate after): December 31, 2029
Eligible discipline: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average: 60% (Minimum 2.1 Honours average)
Language proficiency exam requirements: No
Additional requirements:  No
Jordan - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Ministry of Digital Economy and Entrepreneurship &#8211;   https://www.modee.gov.jo/Default/En
Citizenship requirements: Yes; Jordanian citizen
Eligible institutions in Jordan:  All Jordanian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected] ,  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Eligible disciplines:
IT
Engineering
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  70%
Language proficiency exam requirements:  IELTS 5.0
Additional requirements:
Students applying to the Globalink Research Internship must be between the age of 20 and 35 years of age .
Must currently enrolled in a university in Jordan
Mexico - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño (UTR) &#8211;  https://utr.edu.mx/
Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM) &#8211;  https://tec.mx/
Citizenship requirement:  Yes; Mexican citizenship
Eligible institutions in Mexico :   All Mexican universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Eligible applicants:
ITESM – Full-time undergraduate students only
Earliest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate before ) : May 31 2028
Latest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate after): December 31 2028
UTR: Full-time undergraduate students only
All others: Full-time undergraduate students only
Eligible disciplines:
ITESM:
Architecture
Art and Design
Engineering and Science
Humanities and Education
Medicine and Health Sciences
Social Sciences and EGOB
All Others:  All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño (UTR): 90%
All others: 80% or equivalent
Language proficiency exam requirement:
UTR: Yes
International Test of English Proficiency (iTEP PLUS) - B2 CEFR (CEFR),
Cambridge Lingual Skill - B2 CEFR (CEFR)
or British Council APTIS &#8211; B2 CEFR
Students must present this to UTR in advance of applying to Mitacs.
Additional requirements:
IT ESM:
Contact Stephanie Castell Blanch Stock ( [email&#160;protected] ) prior to applying.
Tec students must additionally apply through the website https://mitec.itesm.mx. Following the route: Mi Tec // Mi experiencia Internacional // Estudiantes solicitantes // Realiza tu solicitud .
Application period at Tec: August 3 – September 3.
Successful ITESM applicants will be required to contribute $2,500 toward their internship.
Due to the ITESM academic calendar, students must start their internships after July 1, 2027. If successfully matched, students will be enrolled as a student in international programs from August to December 2027 with the possibility of transferring up to 18 academic credits. This enrollment covers ITESM tuition during this period.
The student will be able to join as a regular student on their campus during the winter of January 2028 or the semester of February to June 2028.
UTR:
Applicants should contact their mobility coordinator before applying to Mitacs.
Pakistan - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Eligible institutions in Pakistan : All Pakistani universities &#8211;  View eligibility list for Pakistan.
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Citizenship requirement:  No
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Students enrolled in a Master’s only program are not eligible
Eligible disciplines: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  80%
Language proficiency exam requirement:  No
Additional requirements:  No
Peru - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Universidad Cientifica del Sur &#8211; Universidad Científica del Sur | La Científica
Citizenship requirement:  No
Eligible institutions in Peru: View eligibility list for Peru – no other institutions can be added
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students
Eligible discipline: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average: 75%
Language proficiency exam requirements:  Yes
B2 level to apply in any international experience
Additional requirements:
Applicants must have a valid passport and provide proof of English proficiency through an official test confirming their language level.
Singapore - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Nanyang Technological University &#8211; https://www.ntu.edu.sg/
Singapore Management University &#8211; https://www.smu.edu.sg/
Citizenship requirements:
Nanyang Technological University &#8211; Yes; Singaporean citizen
Singapore Management University &#8211; Yes; Singaporean citizen
Eligible institutions in Singapore :  View eligibility list below – no other institutions can be added
Nanyang Technological University
Singapore Management University
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students only.
Nanyang Technological University:
Senior undergraduates enrolled full-time in NTU, with a minimum of one semester and a maximum of three semesters remaining in their program when they return to NTU
Be at least 18 years of age at the time of application
Eligible disciplines:  All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:
Nanyang Technological University (NTU): 80%
Singapore Management University (SMU): 85%
Language proficiency exam requirement:  No
Additional requirements:
Singapore Management University: Applicants will need to consult with SMU College of Integrative Studies (CIS) or School of Computing and Information Systems (SCIS) before applying with Mitacs.
South Korea - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Hanseo University &#8211;  http://www.hanseo.ac.kr/
Korea Aerospace University &#8211; Korea Aerospace University
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evaluation (IITP) &#8211; https://iitp.kr
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province &#8211; gb.go.kr
Citizenship requirement: Yes; Republic of Korea citizenship
Eligible institution in South Korea :   View eligibility list below – no other institutions can be added
Eligible applicants:
Hanseo University: Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Korea Aerospace University: Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Graduating between February 2028 and February 2029
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evaluation (IITP): Full-time undergraduate students
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province: Full-time undergraduate students
Eligible disciplines: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:
Hanseo University &#8211; 3.4/4.5 (75%)
Korea Aerospace University &#8211; 3.6/4.5 (80%)
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evaluation (IITP) &#8211; Students must have a competitive grade point average (CGPA)
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province &#8211; 80%
Language proficiency exam requirement:
Hanseo University – Yes
Please submit your TOEFL or IELTS scores directly to Hanseo University
Korea Aerospace University – Yes
Please submit your TOEFL or IELTS scores directly to Korea Aerospace University
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evaluation (IITP) &#8211; Yes
Please submit your TOEFL or IELTS scores directly to the Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evaluation (IITP)
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province &#8211; No
Additional requirements:
Korea Aerospace University:  Candidates from Korea Aerospace University must pass the preliminary application procedure before they submit applications to Mitacs. Please visit the website  한국항공대학교 KAU OIA and check first with your Exchange Program Coordinator.
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evaluation (IITP): Proof of Enrollment to IITP AI University or IITP SW University
Taiwan - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
National Science and Technology Council (NSTC) – NIAR : https://tctt.niar.org.tw/
Citizenship requirement: Yes; Republic of China (Taiwan)
Eligible institutions in Taiwan :   All Taiwanese Universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Eligible applicants:
Senior students (third or fourth year) who are enrolled in a full-time undergraduate program or a combined undergraduate. Applicants should have completed at least two years of their program at the time of application.
Earliest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate before): October 31st 2027
Latest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate after): July 31st  2030
Eligible disciplines:  All
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  CGPA  ≧ 3.3 or 77%)
Language proficiency exam requirement: Yes
TOELF iBT ≧ 79  or ITB ≧ 550; or
IELTS (ACADEMIC) ≧ 6.0; or
TOEIC ≧ 785
Additional Requirements:
Eligible applicants: Applicants must be Taiwanese citizens enrolled full-time in an undergraduate program at a Taiwanese University and must have completed at least two years of study at the time of application (including students in 5-year Architecture programs and 6-year Medical programs)
Applicants must maintain full-time student status throughout the application and internship periods. Internships are 12 weeks in duration, starting between May 1 and July 31, 2027. Applicants must have an anticipated graduation date of October 2027 or later.
Applicants must submit an official academic transcript in English. As grading systems vary across institutions, applicants must meet either a CGPA of 3.3/4.3 or a minimum average of 77%, whichever is more favorable.
Applicants must also submit an English language proficiency test score report (TOEFL, IELTS, or TOEIC) that meets the criteria outlined above.
Thailand - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Council of University Presidents of Thailand-  https://www.cupt.net/
Citizenship requirement: No
Eligible institution in Thailand : All Thai universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Eligible discipline: All disciplines
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  3.0
Language proficiency exam requirement: No
Additional requirements:
Applicants from Thailand are required to notify their home institution of their intention to participate in the Globalink Research Internship (GRI) program. The home institution must then inform CUPT and complete the required coordination process before students can submit an application through the GRI portal.
The University members of CUPT will select the qualified students to apply GRI program.
Tunisia - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Tunisia’s Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research (MHESR) &#8211;  http://www.mes.tn/
Citizenship requirement:  Yes; Tunisian citizenship
If you are unclear about if your citizenship status is eligible, please contact MHESR
Eligible institutions in Tunisia :   All Tunisian public universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Students must be in the third year of engineering studies
Earliest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate before): September 1st 2027
Latest graduation date (i.e. applicants cannot graduate after): December 31st  2027
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  80%
Eligible disciplines:  Engineering
Language proficiency exam requirements:  No
Additional requirements:
Applicants should be among the top 20% of their classes.
Participation necessitates a jointly signed agreement with their supervisor, ensuring the completion of the PFE during the Mitacs Globalink Research Internship.
Applicants on either the waiting list of the main list must inform the MESRS of any cancellations or changes.
Please visit the below websites for additional details:
http://www.mutan.org
https://best.rnu.tn/
Ukraine - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine &#8211;  https://mon.gov.ua/eng
Citizenship requirements:  No
Eligible institutions in Ukraine:  All Ukrainian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Eligible disciplines:  All
Minimum cumulative grade point average:  80%
Language proficiency exam requirements:  No
Additional requirements:
Please visit  http://www.MitacsUA.org  for additional details
United Kingdom - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Universities UK International (UUKi) &#8211;  https://www.universitiesuk.ac.uk/
Citizenship requirements:  No
Eligible institutions in the United Kingdom :   View eligibility list below – no other institutions can be added
Eligible applicants:
Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Eligible disciplines: All disciplines
Minimum weighted average: Have a minimum weighted average of 60%+ if they meet their university&#8217;s widening participation or equivalent criteria, or have a minimum weighted average of 65%+ if they do not meet their university&#8217;s widening participation or equivalent criteria
Language Proficiency Exam Requirements:  No
Additional requirements:
Applicants from the UK will need to have applied to the Universities UK International (UUKi) call for proposals via their home institution and received confirmation of eligibility. Only candidates verified by UUKi and nominated by their institution will be eligible to apply. For more information on whether you are eligible, please contact [email&#160;protected] .
Applicants applying from the UK may provide a screenshot of their academic portal demonstrating marks achieved to date in lieu of the availability of official up-to-date transcripts. Electives &#8220;outside courses&#8221; may be included.
United States - 2027 Cohort Eligibility
American students must apply directly to Fulbright Canada via Fulbright’s website: https://www.fulbright.ca/programs/undergraduate-students/fulbright-canada-mitacs-globalink-program (Please do not complete an application in Mitacs’ application platform)
Partner(s): Fulbright Canada &#8211; https://www.fulbright.ca
Citizenship requirement: Yes; United States citizens
Eligible institutions in the United States : All accredited United States universities
Eligible applicants : Full-time undergraduate students or combined undergraduate-Master’s program
Eligible disciplines:  All disciplines
Minimum weighted average :   Must have a competitive grade point average
Language proficiency exam requirements:  No
Additional details:
Applicants may complete shorter internships, with a minimum of 10-week duration.
Students must have one to three semesters remaining in their program as of Fall 2027.
Students must be enrolled in a full-time undergraduate or combined undergraduate/master&#8217;s program.
Follow this link to access the Globalink Research Internship 2027 Eligible Academic Institutions List (for students applying to the GRI program).
How to Apply
Applications are now open for GRI 2027! Ready to take the next step? Apply now by clicking here .
Application deadline: Wednesday, September 16, 2026, at 1:00 p.m. (Pacific time). Applications will not be accepted past the deadline.
Where do I start?
Mitacs encourages you to start working on the following items before the call opens:
Review all eligibility criteria: in addition to the general GRI requirements, there may be specific eligibility criteria for each country and international partner organization.
Confirm that your passport issued by your home country is valid until at least January 2028. (You are welcome to submit an application if you don’t currently have a valid passport. However, you will need to provide valid passport information if your application is approved).
Obtain a reference letter from a professor. Please refer to the reference-letter instructions in the downloadable Globalink Research Internship Information zip file. All reference letters must follow the instructions provided.
Update your CV: You can submit your own CV or use the CV template in the downloadable Globalink Research Internship Information zip file.
Obtain your academic transcripts (in either English or French). If your academic institution cannot provide transcripts in either language, you are responsible for getting them translated and notarized. Transcripts must be included in your application.
English or French language-proficiency tests may be required for some countries. Please check your country’s details for more information.
In the application, you will also be asked about:
Your academic discipline, program, and other educational information
Your research interests, skills, and achievements
Your reasons for pursuing research in Canada
Additional resources for partner organizations:
MITACS TERMS, CONDITIONS & POLICIES
View and download our documents
Application
View Files
Globalink Research Internship CV Template
Download
Globalink Research Internship Reference-letter Instructions
Download
Program Terms, Conditions & Policies
View Files
Mitacs Participant Expectations
Download
Mitacs Virtual Interaction Guide
Download
Program Terms, Conditions & Policies
View Files
Mitacs Attentes des participants
Download
Guide des interactions virtuelles
Download
Open projects
Discover opportunities for collaborative research and innovation.
Find projects
Project database
Find current and past Mitacs-funded research in your field.
Search database
Program Administration
Release of Funds
Intellectual Property
Adjudication
The Globalink research internship program is co-funded by Mitacs international partners and funding amounts may vary
Funding is based on a project duration of 12 weeks. Interns will receive funds to support their travel and accommodation expenses, host institution administration expenses, event expenses (conferences, synposia, workshops, etc.) and stipend. Mitacs funds will be sent directly to the interns after the project starts
Funds will only be disbursed to interns upon the start of their internship and require their physical presence in Canada to be received
Some interns may receive funds directly through Mitacs’ international partners. Where applicable, the award letter will provide interns with instructions for accessing their funding
Mitacs does not claim any ownership of Intellectual Property developed through research projects and internships that are funded
It is recommended that the participating organizations and institutions undertaking a research collaboration through Mitacs-funded projects come to a mutual understanding on the Intellectual Property implications of the project(s)
Applications are assessed based on a number of factors, including all eligibility criteria, the student’s Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), the quality of their statement of interest, the quality of the reference letter, and how well their research interests and experience match the research focus of the project or professor. Incomplete applications will not be assessed.
Responsibilities
Intern Responsibilities
Responsibilities of the intern
Interns are expected to complete a 12-week internship, working 40 hours/week (five days a week for 12 consecutive weeks) to complete the deliverables required for the successful completion of the project. Most interns work during regular business hours (e.g., 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.), but this depends on the specific arrangement between intern and host professor. Interns are expected to stay in Canada for the full 12-week duration of the research internship. Mitacs will provide interns with support once their internship begins.
Interns are expected to let the host professor know if they are missing time from the research project for any reason, such as due to illness or to attend a Mitacs event.
Mitacs invites interns to attend industry events, government events, and professional development courses during their time in Canada. Attendance is not mandatory, but we highly recommend that interns take part to fully experience the benefits of Globalink Research Internship.
Interns must agree to a Code of Conduct and liability waiver before they are admitted into the program. Failure to abide by the Code of Conduct, liability waiver and Immigration Policy and Procedure Consent could result in a denial of the certificate of completion and/or expulsion from the Globalink Research Internship program, depending on the severity and nature of the misconduct.
All parties involved with Mitacs programs should review the following policy statement and guidelines provided by ISED and the Government of Canada: ISED “Policy Statement on Research Security and COVID-19” Government of Canada “Safeguarding Your Research” Portal
Professor Responsibilities
Responsibilities of the professor
Host professors must ensure the following is in place for their Globalink research intern prior to the start of the internship (as required):
Research supervision
E-mail and internet access
Lab and/or office space
Software or hardware
Any safety or orientation information required for the project
Globalink research interns are expected to work 40 hours per week on their research project. During the internship, Globalink Research interns may be invited to attend industry and/or government relations events, professional skills training courses, or conferences. Every attempt will be made to schedule these events outside of working hours, and interns should obtain their supervisor’s approval should they have to miss work to participate.
All parties involved with the Mitacs Globalink program must comply with the Canadian host academic institution’s policies regarding the ethical conduct of research and scholarly activities. Any issues or disputes around research or academic misconduct will be subject to the host academic institution’s processes following their institutional policies.
All parties involved with Mitacs programs should review the following policy statement and guidelines provided by ISED and the Government of Canada:
Government of Canada “Safeguarding Your Research” Portal
Cancellations
Cancellations
Mitacs GRI internships require the active participation of the intern and the professor. All participants should attempt to fulfill their project obligations.
Participants must consult Mitacs for cancellation requests. Project cancellations are reviewed by Mitacs on a case-by-case basis, and Mitacs may require all or a pro-rated portion of the funds to be returned.
FAQs
When You Apply
After You Apply
During Your Internship
Can a student work with a Canadian professor who does not have a project on the list?
No. Students must apply to a project that is in the online GRI project database.
Can a student’s reference letter be written by an academic institution staff member?
No, reference letters from academic institution staff members will not be considered.
Can a student’s reference letter be written by any professor at their academic institution?
The professor who writes a student’s reference letter should:
• Have supervised or co-supervised the student’s work
• Be able to speak about the student’s academic and research experience
• Provide a signed letter on academic institution letterhead
Please note that reference letters that do not meet these requirements will not be considered and the application will be deemed ineligible.
A sample reference letter can be found in the downloadable GRI Information zip file in the How To Apply section.
Can applications be submitted by email?
No. A student’s full application must be submitted through the Globalink Student Platform. Applications received by email or any other means will not be accepted.
Can students apply for a project that is not in their academic discipline?
Yes. Some projects may require interns from various disciplines and academic departments. For example, a professor in the health sciences may be looking for a student with a computer-science background to assist with a data project. To ensure students are viewing all the projects that may apply to them, they should do multiple keyword searches. Students must ensure that their background is relevant to the research topic and skills/experience requested by the professor in the description of the project.
Do you have projects in the social sciences field?
Globalink Research Internships are open to all disciplines and many projects are interdisciplinary. We encourage students to do both specific and general searches using the keyword search to find projects in their discipline.
Check the Eligibility section to determine if an international partner organization has limitations or rules regarding disciplines.
How does a student submit an application?
Students will be required to create a personal user account on the Globalink Student Platform (link will be made available on the How to Apply section when the student call is open). They should not create multiple profiles; their application may be processed incorrectly.
Once they have successfully created their account and logged in, they can begin their application. They will be able to save their work and return to it later to add more information and any documents that they need to upload. Applications will be assessed only after the application deadline.
How does Mitacs assess the applications?
Applications are assessed based on a number of factors, including all eligibility criteria, the student’s Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA), the quality of their statement of interest, the quality of the reference letter, and how well their research interests and experience match the research focus of the project or professor. Incomplete applications will not be assessed.
How many research projects can a student apply for?
Students must apply for a minimum of three and a maximum of seven projects in at least three Canadian provinces. They will be able to search the database of projects by institution name, province, and keywords.
If a student doesn’t have all their documents ready yet and starts an application now, can they log back in and finish it later?
Yes, a student may start an application, save their work, and return to complete their application. All applications must be complete with all the required documentation by the submission deadline. Incomplete applications received after the deadline will not be accepted.
If a student is not enrolled full time at an academic institution in one of the countries or regions listed, what can they do?
The application for Globalink Research Internship is only open to full-time students enrolled in a full-time undergraduate or combined undergraduate/master’s program at an eligible institution (see list of eligible institutions by country under the Student Application tab).
If a student is enrolled at an academic institution in a different country or region, or if their institution is not an eligible institution, they can sign up for Mitacs newsletter (the SUBSCRIBE button can be found at the bottom of the page) and stay tuned for announcements. We partner with new countries each year.
Is a language proficiency score required for Globalink Research Internship?
Mitacs does not require applicants to submit language proficiency scores. However, applicants must have a strong working knowledge of the project’s language, which will be listed in the project description.
Host professors in Canada are encouraged to interview applicants via Skype, Zoom or Teams to determine their language proficiency. Applicants who do not demonstrate appropriate language proficiency may have their applications revoked at the discretion of Mitacs.
Please note that some international partners may require a language proficiency score and may collect this directly from students.
Is Globalink Research Internship open to graduate students or postdoctoral fellows?
No, Globalink Research Internship is not open to graduate students or postdoctoral fellows.
There is no “Submit” button – how is an application submitted through the Student Platform?
There is no “Submit” button for the application. Applications will be submitted automatically at the submission deadline. Your application status must be indicating “ Complete” by the deadline to be eligible.
What can a student do if the deadline has passed but they made an error in their application?
Applications missing any of the required documentation will be considered incomplete and declined. Students are responsible for ensuring that their application is filled out completely. They cannot make changes to an application after the deadline.
What can a student do if they’re having technical difficulties completing my application?
If students experience any technical difficulties, they should contact [email&#160;protected] . If possible, they should also include a screenshot of the problem they are encountering.
Please allow up to five days for a response. Mitacs advises that students complete their application before the deadline. We cannot guarantee that tickets received two weeks before the deadline will be answered.
What if a student’s home institution is not on the drop-down list of eligible universities?
The student should make sure to search all possible names for their academic institution. Note that there are no abbreviations in the list. If they still cannot find their home institution, they should contact [email&#160;protected] . Mitacs will determine if the student’s institution is eligible to receive funding, and then confirm with the student.
What is considered a complete application?
Students must complete all the mandatory fields in the application and upload the following required documents:
• At least one reference letter in either English or French from a professor (reference letter guidelines can be found in the downloadable GRI Information zip file in the How To Apply section)
• Their official transcripts in English and/or French OR if their transcript is in another language, a scanned copy of the original documents and the translated and notarized transcript in the language of the project
&#8211;> The language of a student’s transcripts must match the language(s) of the projects for which they have applied. For example, if they only applied to English-language projects, they must submit transcripts in English.
• A copy of their résumé/CV (a CV template can be found in the downloadable GRI Information zip file in the How To Apply section)
What should students include under the Research section of the application form?
Applicants are responsible for including any relevant research skills, interests, and achievements relevant to your academic discipline or field of research. This section is used to evaluate their application after the call closes. If a student’s application moves forward to the matching phase, this section will also be seen by professors. Students should include any and all information that they would wish professors to know about their research skills that make them a suitable candidate for their projects.
Applicants are required to provide original work. Copying the work of others is a misrepresentation and a form of academic misconduct. Mitacs does not tolerate such activity and any submissions that misrepresent the work of others are automatically rejected.
When is the deadline for applications?
The deadline will be updated once the call opens. The student call is typically open for six weeks. Any applications submitted after the deadline will not be accepted.
Where is the list of eligible universities?
A list of eligible institutions by country can be found in the Eligibility section. When you start your application, select your country of enrollment, and you will be asked to choose your institution from the drop-down list.
If a student is accepted for a Globalink Research Internship, when will they find out the details of their internship?
Mitacs will send students an email confirming their internship between mid-December and mid-February. Additional details about their internship will be shared closer to their travel date.
What can students do if they’re not accepted into the program?
Applicants who are not accepted can reapply next year as long as they are eligible. They can also sign up for Mitacs newsletter to hear about other funding opportunities that may become available in the future. Please note that, due to the volume of applications received, it is not possible for Mitacs to give applicants direct feedback on why they were unsuccessful.
What happens next after a student has completed their Globalink Research Internship application?
Mitacs will notify you of any updates by email and your profile on the Globalink Student Platform will provide you with the current status of your application.
Please be aware that eligibility and interviews do not guarantee an internship offer.
How long are students expected to stay in Canada for the Globalink Research Internship?
Students are expected to stay in Canada for the full 12-week duration of the research internship.
Mitacs will provide students with support once their internship begins.
Depending on a student’s funding arrangement, Mitacs or the student’s country’s international partner provides funding for their flight, provides their accommodation stipend and medical insurance for the duration of their internship, plus two days before their internship start date and two days after their internship end date. Details of a student’s arrangements and actions required will be made available to them after their internship is confirmed, in February of the year of the internship.
What kinds of events and courses will interns be invited to attend?
Mitacs invites interns to attend industry events, government events, and professional development courses during their time in Canada. Attendance is not mandatory, but we highly recommend that interns take part to fully experience the benefits of Globalink Research Internship.
Join a thriving innovation ecosystem .
Subscribe to our newsletter now!
Subscribe
Mitacs is funded by the Government of Canada, the Government of Alberta, the Government of British Columbia, Research Manitoba, the Government of New Brunswick, the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, the Government of Nova Scotia, the Government of Ontario, Innovation PEI, the Government of Quebec, the Government of Saskatchewan, and the Government of Yukon.
Partners & Investors
Business
Not-for-profit
Professor
Student &#038; Postdoc
Colleges and Polytechnic
Partner with us
Explore
Mitacs Innovation Awards
Indigenous Pathways
Completed Projects
Open Projects
Special Offers
Mitacs Plus
Company
About Mitacs
Mitacs Advisors
Strategic Plan
Annual Report
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Careers
Stewardship
Resources
Innovation Insights
News and Events
Media Kit
Training
Resources for Research Administrators
Mitacs Inc. is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone and applying the relevant accessibility standards. Please inform us if you encounter accessibility barriers via email at: [email&#160;protected] .
Policies
Sitemap
RSS Feed
We Support Diversity
Privacy Statement

===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.mitacs.ca/gri-2026-eligible-universities/ =====
GRI 2027 Eligible Universities - Mitacs
Contact Us
News &#038; Events
Mitacs Plus
Français
Get Started
Menu
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About Mitacs
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Mitacs Plus
Contact
News &#038; Events
English
Français
Get Started
Search our Site:
Globalink Research Internship (GRI) 2027 Eligible Universities
This page contains the eligible universities for the 2027 Globalink Research Internship, separated by country and funding partners. If you have any additional questions, please contact [email&#160;protected] .
Austria- 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):   TU Austria –  TU Austria: TU Austria
Eligible institutions:
BOKU University
Graz University of Technology &#8211; TU Graz
Johannes Keppler University Linz &#8211; JKU
Technical University of Leoben
TU Wien
University of Innsbruck
Brazil &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Fundação Araucária &#8211;  https://www.fappr.pr.gov.br/
Eligible Institutions :
Only public, Technology and Innovation Institutions (ICTs) or private non-profit ICTs as defined under Paraná State Law No. 20,541/2021 with headquarters/CNPJ in Paraná, as approved by Fundação Araucária.
Chile &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  CRUCH-FUDEA
FUDEA &#8211;  https://www.fudeaufro.cl/
CRUCH –  https://www.consejoderectores.cl/
Eligible Institutions:
Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile
Universidad Católica del Maule
Universidad Católica del Norte
Universidad de La Frontera
Universidad de O&#8217;Higgins
Universidad Diego Portales
China &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  China Scholarship Council (CSC) &#8211;  https://www.csc.edu.cn/
Eligible Institutions:
Air Force Medical University
Anhui University
Beihang University
Beijing Foreign Studies University
Beijing Forestry University
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing Jiaotong University
Beijing Normal University
Beijing Sport University
Beijing University of Chemical Technology
Beijing University of Chinese Medicine
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications
Beijing University of Technology
Capital Normal University
Central Academy of Drama
Central Academy of Fine Arts
Central China Normal University
Central Conservatory of Music
Central South University
Central University of Finance and Economics
Chang&#8217;an University
Chengdu University of Technology
Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine
China Academy of Art
China Agricultural University
China Conservatory of Music
China Foreign Affairs University
China Pharmaceutical University
China University of Geosciences  Beijing
China University of Geosciences, wuhan
China University of Mining and Technology
China University of Mining and Technology Beijing
China University of Petroleum  Beijing
China University of Petroleum (East China)
China University of Political Science and Law
Chongqing University
Communication University of China
Dalian Maritime University
Dalian University of Technology
Donghua University
East China Normal University
East China University of Science and Technology
Fudan University
Fuzhou University
Guangxi University
Guangzhou Medical University
Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine
Guizhou University
Hainan University
Harbin Engineering University
Harbin Institute of Technology
Hebei University of Technology
Hefei University of Technology
Henan University
Hohai University
Huazhong Agricultural University
Huazhong University of Science and Technology
Hunan Normal University
Hunan University
Inner Mongolia University
Jiangnan University
Jilin University
Jinan University
Lanzhou University
Liaoning University
Minzu University of China
Nanchang University
Nanjing Agricultural University
Nanjing Forestry University
Nanjing Medical University
Nanjing Normal University
Nanjing University
Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics
Nanjing University of Chinese Medicine
Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology
Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications
Nanjing University of Science and Technology
Nankai University
National University of Defense Technology
Naval Medical University
Ningbo University
Ningxia University
North China Electric Power University
Northeast Agricultural University
Northeast Forestry University
Northeast Normal University
Northeastern University
Northwest A&F University
Northwest University
Northwestern Polytechnical University
Ocean University of China
Peking Union Medical College
Peking University
People&#8217;s Public Security University of China
Qinghai University
Renmin University of China
Shaanxi Normal University
Shandong University
Shanghai Conservatory of Music
Shanghai International Studies University
Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Shanghai Ocean University
Shanghai University
Shanghai University of Finance and Economics
Shanghai University of Sport
Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine
ShanghaiTech University
Shanxi University
Shihezi University
Sichuan Agricultural University
Sichuan University
Soochow University
South China Agricultural University
South China Normal University
South China University of Technology
Southeast University
Southern University of Science and Technology
Southwest Jiaotong University
Southwest Petroleum University
Southwest University
Southwestern University of Finance and Economics
Sun Yat-sen University
Taiyuan University of Technology
Tiangong University
Tianjin Medical University
Tianjin University
Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine
Tibet University
Tongji University
Tsinghua University
University of Chinese Academy of Sciences
University of Electronic Science and Technology of China
University of International Business and Economics
University of Science and Technology Beijing
University of Science and Technology of China
Wuhan University
Wuhan University of Technology
Xiamen University
Xi&#8217;an Jiaotong University
Xiangtan University
Xidian University
Xinjiang University
Yanbian University
Yunnan University
Zhejiang University
Zhengzhou University
Zhongnan University of Economics and Law
Colombia &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Eligible Institutions:
All Colombian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Finland &#8211; 2027 Cohost Eligibility
Partner(s):  The Finnish National Agency for Education (EDUFI) –  Finnish National Agency for Education
Eligible Institutions:
All Finnish higher education institutions (universities and universities of applied sciences).
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
France &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
University of Lorraine &#8211;  https://welcome.univ-lorraine.fr/
University of Grenoble Alpes &#8211;  https://www.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr/
Eligible Institutions:
All French universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Germany &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (DAAD) &#8211;  https://www.daad.de/de/
Eligible Institutions:
All German universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Hong Kong &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University &#8211;  https://www.polyu.edu.hk/
The University of Hong Kong (HKU) &#8211;  https://www.hku.hk/
Eligible Institutions:
The University of Hong Kong
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
India &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):   All India Council for Technical Education –  aicte.gov.in
Eligible institutions:
India AICTE &#8211; Eligible institutions
&#8211; If your institution is not listed, you are not eligible to apply.
&#8211; At this time, applicants from Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) are not eligible to participate in the 2027 GRI program.
Ireland &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Higher Education Authority –  Higher Education Authority
Eligible institutions:
Atlantic Technological University
Institute of Art, Design and Technology
Maynooth University
Munster Technological University
RCSI University of Medicine and Health Sciences
Technological University of the Shannon
Technological University Dublin
University College Dublin
Jordan &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Ministry of Digital Economy and Entrepreneurship &#8211;   https://www.modee.gov.jo/Default/En
Eligible institutions:  All Jordanian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Mexico &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s)
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño (UTR) &#8211;  https://utr.edu.mx/
Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM) &#8211;  https://tec.mx/
Eligible Institutions :
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño (UTR)
Universidad Politécnica de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica del Norte de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica Metropolitana de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica de Calvillo
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño
Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM)
All Mexican universities
Pakistan &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Eligible insitutions:
All Pakistani universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Peru &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):   Universidad Cientifica del Sur –  Universidad Científica del Sur | La Científica
Eligible institutions:
Universidad Cientrifica del Sur
Universidad Nacional Agraria La Molina
Singapore &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Nanyang Technological University &#8211; https://www.ntu.edu.sg/
Singapore Management University-  https://www.smu.edu.sg/
Eligible institutions:
Nanyang Technological University
Singapore Management University
South Korea &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Hanseo University &#8211; http://www.hanseo.ac.kr/
Korea Aerospace University &#8211;  https://www.kau.ac.kr/
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evalution (IITP) &#8211; https://iitp.kr
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province &#8211; www.gb.go.kr
Eligible Institutions :
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evalution (IITP)
KANGWON NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (강원대학교)
KONYANG UNIVERSITY (건양대학교)
KYONGGI UNIVERSITY (경기대학교)
KYUNGNAM UNIVERSITY (경남대학교)
KYUNGPOOK NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (경북대학교)
KYUNGWOON UNIVERSITY (경운대학교)
KYUNG HEE UNIVERSITY (경희대학교)
KOREA UNIVERSITY&#8217;S SEOUL CAMPUS (고려대학교)
KONGJU NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (공주대학교)
KOOKMIN UNIVERSITY (국민대학교)
KUNSAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (군산대학교)
DANKOOK UNIVERSITY (단국대학교)
DAEGU UNIVERSITY (대구대학교)
DAEJEON UNIVERSITY (대전대학교)
DONGGUK UNIVERSITY (동국대학교)
DONG-A UNIVERSITY (동아대학교)
MOKWON UNIVERSITY (목원대학교)
PUKYONG NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (부경대학교)
PUSAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (부산대학교)
SAHMYOOK UNIVERSITY (삼육대학교)
UNIVERSITY OF SEOUL (서울시립대학교)
SUN MOON UNIVERSITY (선문대학교)
SEJONG UNIVERSITY (세종대학교)
SOOKMYUNG WOMEN&#8217;S UNIVERSITY (숙명여자대학교)
SUNCHON NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (순천대학교)
SHINHAN UNIVERSITY (신한대학교)
AJOU UNIVERSITY (아주대학교)
YEUNGNAM UNIVERSITY (영남대학교)
WOOSONG UNIVERSITY (우송대학교)
UNIVERSITY OF ULSAN (울산대학교)
INJE UNIVERSITY (인제대학교)
INHA UNIVERSITY (인하대학교)
CHONNAM NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (전남대학교)
JEONBUK NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (전북대학교)
CHOSUN UNIVERSITY (조선대학교)
CHUNG-ANG UNIVERSITY (중앙대학교)
CHANGWON NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (창원대학교)
CHEONGJU UNIVERSITY (청주대학교)
CHUNGNAM NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (충남대학교)
TECH UNIVERSITY OF KOREA (한국공학대학교)
KOREA ADVANCED INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY / KAIST (한국과학기술원)
KOREA UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY AND EDUCATION / KOREATECH (한국기술교육대학교)
KOREA AEROSPACE UNIVERSITY (한국항공대학교)
HANDONG GLOBAL UNIVERSITY (한동대학교)
HALLA UNIVERSITY (한라대학교)
HALLYM UNIVERSITY (한림대학교)
HANSUNG UNIVERSITY (한성대학교)
HANSHIN UNIVERSITY (한신대학교)
HANYANG UNIVERSITY ERICA CAMPUS (한양대학교(ERICA))
HOSEO UNIVERSITY (호서대학교)
GACHON UNIVERSITY (가천대학교)
KOREA UNIVERSITY SEJONG CAMPUS (고려대학교 세종캠퍼스)
SOGANG UNIVERSITY (서강대학교)
SOONGSIL UNIVERSITY (숭실대학교)
SOONCHUNHYANG UNIVERSITY (순천향대학교)
SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY (성균관대학교)
YONSEI UNIVERSITY (연세대학교)
KUMOH NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (금오공과대학교)
POSTECH (포항공과대학교)
HANYANG UNIVERSITY (한양대학교)
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province
Kyungil University
Andong Science College
Catholic Sangji College
Daegu Arts University
Daegu Catholic University
Daegu Oriental medical University
Daekyeung University
Daeshin University
Dongguk University (WISE)
Dongyang University
Gimcheon University
Gumi University
Gyeongbuk College of Health
Gyeongbuk Science College
Gyeongguk National University
Hosan University
Kumoh National Institute of Technology
Kyungbuk College
Munkyung University
Pohang University
Pohang University of Science and Technology
Shingyeongju University
Sungwoon University
Sunlin University
Uiduk University
Youngnam Foreign Language College
Youngnam Theological University and Seminary
Taiwan &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
National Science and Technology Council (NSTC) – https://www.nstc.gov.tw/
NARLabs &#8211; Home | National Institute of Experimental Research (narlabs.org.tw)
Citizenship requirement: Republic of China (Taiwan)
Eligible institution in Taiwan :   All Taiwanese Universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Thailand &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Council of University Presidents of Thailand-  https://www.cupt.net
Eligible institution in Thailand :
All Thai universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Tunisia &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Tunisia’s Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research (MHESR) &#8211;  http://www.mes.tn/
Eligible Institutions :
All Tunisian public universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Ukraine &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine &#8211;  https://mon.gov.ua/eng
Eligible institutions in Ukraine:  All Ukrainian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
United Kingdom &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Universities UK International (UUKi) &#8211;  https://www.universitiesuk.ac.uk/
Eligible Institutions :
Birmingham City University
Brunel University of London
Cardiff University
Durham University
Queen&#8217;s University Belfast
The University of Manchester
University of Aberdeen
University of Bath
University of Birmingham
University of Bradford
University of Edinburgh
University of Exeter
University of Leicester
University of Nottingham
University of Portsmouth
University of Sheffield
University of Southampton
United States &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Fulbright Canada &#8211;  https://www.fulbright.ca/
American students must apply directly to Fulbright Canada via Fulbright’s website: https://www.fulbright.ca/programs/undergraduate-students/fulbright-canada-mitacs-globalink-program (Please do not complete an application in Mitacs’s application platform)
Eligible Institutions :
All accredited United States universities
Join a thriving innovation ecosystem .
Subscribe to our newsletter now!
Subscribe
Mitacs is funded by the Government of Canada, the Government of Alberta, the Government of British Columbia, Research Manitoba, the Government of New Brunswick, the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, the Government of Nova Scotia, the Government of Ontario, Innovation PEI, the Government of Quebec, the Government of Saskatchewan, and the Government of Yukon.
Partners & Investors
Business
Not-for-profit
Professor
Student &#038; Postdoc
Colleges and Polytechnic
Partner with us
Explore
Mitacs Innovation Awards
Indigenous Pathways
Completed Projects
Open Projects
Special Offers
Mitacs Plus
Company
About Mitacs
Mitacs Advisors
Strategic Plan
Annual Report
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Careers
Stewardship
Resources
Innovation Insights
News and Events
Media Kit
Training
Resources for Research Administrators
Mitacs Inc. is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone and applying the relevant accessibility standards. Please inform us if you encounter accessibility barriers via email at: [email&#160;protected] .
Policies
Sitemap
RSS Feed
We Support Diversity
Privacy Statement

===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.mitacs.ca/gri-2025-eligible-universities/ =====
GRI 2027 Eligible Universities - Mitacs
Contact Us
News &#038; Events
Mitacs Plus
Français
Get Started
Menu
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About Mitacs
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Mitacs Plus
Contact
News &#038; Events
English
Français
Get Started
Search our Site:
Globalink Research Internship (GRI) 2027 Eligible Universities
This page contains the eligible universities for the 2027 Globalink Research Internship, separated by country and funding partners. If you have any additional questions, please contact [email&#160;protected] .
Austria- 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):   TU Austria –  TU Austria: TU Austria
Eligible institutions:
BOKU University
Graz University of Technology &#8211; TU Graz
Johannes Keppler University Linz &#8211; JKU
Technical University of Leoben
TU Wien
University of Innsbruck
Brazil &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Fundação Araucária &#8211;  https://www.fappr.pr.gov.br/
Eligible Institutions :
Only public, Technology and Innovation Institutions (ICTs) or private non-profit ICTs as defined under Paraná State Law No. 20,541/2021 with headquarters/CNPJ in Paraná, as approved by Fundação Araucária.
Chile &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  CRUCH-FUDEA
FUDEA &#8211;  https://www.fudeaufro.cl/
CRUCH –  https://www.consejoderectores.cl/
Eligible Institutions:
Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile
Universidad Católica del Maule
Universidad Católica del Norte
Universidad de La Frontera
Universidad de O&#8217;Higgins
Universidad Diego Portales
China &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  China Scholarship Council (CSC) &#8211;  https://www.csc.edu.cn/
Eligible Institutions:
Air Force Medical University
Anhui University
Beihang University
Beijing Foreign Studies University
Beijing Forestry University
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing Jiaotong University
Beijing Normal University
Beijing Sport University
Beijing University of Chemical Technology
Beijing University of Chinese Medicine
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications
Beijing University of Technology
Capital Normal University
Central Academy of Drama
Central Academy of Fine Arts
Central China Normal University
Central Conservatory of Music
Central South University
Central University of Finance and Economics
Chang&#8217;an University
Chengdu University of Technology
Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine
China Academy of Art
China Agricultural University
China Conservatory of Music
China Foreign Affairs University
China Pharmaceutical University
China University of Geosciences  Beijing
China University of Geosciences, wuhan
China University of Mining and Technology
China University of Mining and Technology Beijing
China University of Petroleum  Beijing
China University of Petroleum (East China)
China University of Political Science and Law
Chongqing University
Communication University of China
Dalian Maritime University
Dalian University of Technology
Donghua University
East China Normal University
East China University of Science and Technology
Fudan University
Fuzhou University
Guangxi University
Guangzhou Medical University
Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine
Guizhou University
Hainan University
Harbin Engineering University
Harbin Institute of Technology
Hebei University of Technology
Hefei University of Technology
Henan University
Hohai University
Huazhong Agricultural University
Huazhong University of Science and Technology
Hunan Normal University
Hunan University
Inner Mongolia University
Jiangnan University
Jilin University
Jinan University
Lanzhou University
Liaoning University
Minzu University of China
Nanchang University
Nanjing Agricultural University
Nanjing Forestry University
Nanjing Medical University
Nanjing Normal University
Nanjing University
Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics
Nanjing University of Chinese Medicine
Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology
Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications
Nanjing University of Science and Technology
Nankai University
National University of Defense Technology
Naval Medical University
Ningbo University
Ningxia University
North China Electric Power University
Northeast Agricultural University
Northeast Forestry University
Northeast Normal University
Northeastern University
Northwest A&F University
Northwest University
Northwestern Polytechnical University
Ocean University of China
Peking Union Medical College
Peking University
People&#8217;s Public Security University of China
Qinghai University
Renmin University of China
Shaanxi Normal University
Shandong University
Shanghai Conservatory of Music
Shanghai International Studies University
Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Shanghai Ocean University
Shanghai University
Shanghai University of Finance and Economics
Shanghai University of Sport
Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine
ShanghaiTech University
Shanxi University
Shihezi University
Sichuan Agricultural University
Sichuan University
Soochow University
South China Agricultural University
South China Normal University
South China University of Technology
Southeast University
Southern University of Science and Technology
Southwest Jiaotong University
Southwest Petroleum University
Southwest University
Southwestern University of Finance and Economics
Sun Yat-sen University
Taiyuan University of Technology
Tiangong University
Tianjin Medical University
Tianjin University
Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine
Tibet University
Tongji University
Tsinghua University
University of Chinese Academy of Sciences
University of Electronic Science and Technology of China
University of International Business and Economics
University of Science and Technology Beijing
University of Science and Technology of China
Wuhan University
Wuhan University of Technology
Xiamen University
Xi&#8217;an Jiaotong University
Xiangtan University
Xidian University
Xinjiang University
Yanbian University
Yunnan University
Zhejiang University
Zhengzhou University
Zhongnan University of Economics and Law
Colombia &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Eligible Institutions:
All Colombian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Finland &#8211; 2027 Cohost Eligibility
Partner(s):  The Finnish National Agency for Education (EDUFI) –  Finnish National Agency for Education
Eligible Institutions:
All Finnish higher education institutions (universities and universities of applied sciences).
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
France &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
University of Lorraine &#8211;  https://welcome.univ-lorraine.fr/
University of Grenoble Alpes &#8211;  https://www.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr/
Eligible Institutions:
All French universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Germany &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (DAAD) &#8211;  https://www.daad.de/de/
Eligible Institutions:
All German universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Hong Kong &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University &#8211;  https://www.polyu.edu.hk/
The University of Hong Kong (HKU) &#8211;  https://www.hku.hk/
Eligible Institutions:
The University of Hong Kong
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
India &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):   All India Council for Technical Education –  aicte.gov.in
Eligible institutions:
India AICTE &#8211; Eligible institutions
&#8211; If your institution is not listed, you are not eligible to apply.
&#8211; At this time, applicants from Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) are not eligible to participate in the 2027 GRI program.
Ireland &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Higher Education Authority –  Higher Education Authority
Eligible institutions:
Atlantic Technological University
Institute of Art, Design and Technology
Maynooth University
Munster Technological University
RCSI University of Medicine and Health Sciences
Technological University of the Shannon
Technological University Dublin
University College Dublin
Jordan &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Ministry of Digital Economy and Entrepreneurship &#8211;   https://www.modee.gov.jo/Default/En
Eligible institutions:  All Jordanian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Mexico &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s)
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño (UTR) &#8211;  https://utr.edu.mx/
Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM) &#8211;  https://tec.mx/
Eligible Institutions :
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño (UTR)
Universidad Politécnica de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica del Norte de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica Metropolitana de Aguascalientes
Universidad Tecnológica de Calvillo
Universidad Tecnológica El Retoño
Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM)
All Mexican universities
Pakistan &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Eligible insitutions:
All Pakistani universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list
Peru &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):   Universidad Cientifica del Sur –  Universidad Científica del Sur | La Científica
Eligible institutions:
Universidad Cientrifica del Sur
Universidad Nacional Agraria La Molina
Singapore &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Nanyang Technological University &#8211; https://www.ntu.edu.sg/
Singapore Management University-  https://www.smu.edu.sg/
Eligible institutions:
Nanyang Technological University
Singapore Management University
South Korea &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Hanseo University &#8211; http://www.hanseo.ac.kr/
Korea Aerospace University &#8211;  https://www.kau.ac.kr/
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evalution (IITP) &#8211; https://iitp.kr
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province &#8211; www.gb.go.kr
Eligible Institutions :
Institute of Information and Communications Technology Planning and Evalution (IITP)
KANGWON NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (강원대학교)
KONYANG UNIVERSITY (건양대학교)
KYONGGI UNIVERSITY (경기대학교)
KYUNGNAM UNIVERSITY (경남대학교)
KYUNGPOOK NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (경북대학교)
KYUNGWOON UNIVERSITY (경운대학교)
KYUNG HEE UNIVERSITY (경희대학교)
KOREA UNIVERSITY&#8217;S SEOUL CAMPUS (고려대학교)
KONGJU NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (공주대학교)
KOOKMIN UNIVERSITY (국민대학교)
KUNSAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (군산대학교)
DANKOOK UNIVERSITY (단국대학교)
DAEGU UNIVERSITY (대구대학교)
DAEJEON UNIVERSITY (대전대학교)
DONGGUK UNIVERSITY (동국대학교)
DONG-A UNIVERSITY (동아대학교)
MOKWON UNIVERSITY (목원대학교)
PUKYONG NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (부경대학교)
PUSAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (부산대학교)
SAHMYOOK UNIVERSITY (삼육대학교)
UNIVERSITY OF SEOUL (서울시립대학교)
SUN MOON UNIVERSITY (선문대학교)
SEJONG UNIVERSITY (세종대학교)
SOOKMYUNG WOMEN&#8217;S UNIVERSITY (숙명여자대학교)
SUNCHON NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (순천대학교)
SHINHAN UNIVERSITY (신한대학교)
AJOU UNIVERSITY (아주대학교)
YEUNGNAM UNIVERSITY (영남대학교)
WOOSONG UNIVERSITY (우송대학교)
UNIVERSITY OF ULSAN (울산대학교)
INJE UNIVERSITY (인제대학교)
INHA UNIVERSITY (인하대학교)
CHONNAM NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (전남대학교)
JEONBUK NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (전북대학교)
CHOSUN UNIVERSITY (조선대학교)
CHUNG-ANG UNIVERSITY (중앙대학교)
CHANGWON NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (창원대학교)
CHEONGJU UNIVERSITY (청주대학교)
CHUNGNAM NATIONAL UNIVERSITY (충남대학교)
TECH UNIVERSITY OF KOREA (한국공학대학교)
KOREA ADVANCED INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY / KAIST (한국과학기술원)
KOREA UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY AND EDUCATION / KOREATECH (한국기술교육대학교)
KOREA AEROSPACE UNIVERSITY (한국항공대학교)
HANDONG GLOBAL UNIVERSITY (한동대학교)
HALLA UNIVERSITY (한라대학교)
HALLYM UNIVERSITY (한림대학교)
HANSUNG UNIVERSITY (한성대학교)
HANSHIN UNIVERSITY (한신대학교)
HANYANG UNIVERSITY ERICA CAMPUS (한양대학교(ERICA))
HOSEO UNIVERSITY (호서대학교)
GACHON UNIVERSITY (가천대학교)
KOREA UNIVERSITY SEJONG CAMPUS (고려대학교 세종캠퍼스)
SOGANG UNIVERSITY (서강대학교)
SOONGSIL UNIVERSITY (숭실대학교)
SOONCHUNHYANG UNIVERSITY (순천향대학교)
SUNGKYUNKWAN UNIVERSITY (성균관대학교)
YONSEI UNIVERSITY (연세대학교)
KUMOH NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (금오공과대학교)
POSTECH (포항공과대학교)
HANYANG UNIVERSITY (한양대학교)
Gyeongsangbuk-do Province
Kyungil University
Andong Science College
Catholic Sangji College
Daegu Arts University
Daegu Catholic University
Daegu Oriental medical University
Daekyeung University
Daeshin University
Dongguk University (WISE)
Dongyang University
Gimcheon University
Gumi University
Gyeongbuk College of Health
Gyeongbuk Science College
Gyeongguk National University
Hosan University
Kumoh National Institute of Technology
Kyungbuk College
Munkyung University
Pohang University
Pohang University of Science and Technology
Shingyeongju University
Sungwoon University
Sunlin University
Uiduk University
Youngnam Foreign Language College
Youngnam Theological University and Seminary
Taiwan &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
National Science and Technology Council (NSTC) – https://www.nstc.gov.tw/
NARLabs &#8211; Home | National Institute of Experimental Research (narlabs.org.tw)
Citizenship requirement: Republic of China (Taiwan)
Eligible institution in Taiwan :   All Taiwanese Universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Thailand &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):
Council of University Presidents of Thailand-  https://www.cupt.net
Eligible institution in Thailand :
All Thai universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Tunisia &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Tunisia’s Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research (MHESR) &#8211;  http://www.mes.tn/
Eligible Institutions :
All Tunisian public universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
Ukraine &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine &#8211;  https://mon.gov.ua/eng
Eligible institutions in Ukraine:  All Ukrainian universities
Note: If you cannot find your home institution on the drop-down menu, email  [email&#160;protected]  and we will determine if it can be added to the list.
United Kingdom &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Universities UK International (UUKi) &#8211;  https://www.universitiesuk.ac.uk/
Eligible Institutions :
Birmingham City University
Brunel University of London
Cardiff University
Durham University
Queen&#8217;s University Belfast
The University of Manchester
University of Aberdeen
University of Bath
University of Birmingham
University of Bradford
University of Edinburgh
University of Exeter
University of Leicester
University of Nottingham
University of Portsmouth
University of Sheffield
University of Southampton
United States &#8211; 2027 Cohort Eligibility
Partner(s):  Fulbright Canada &#8211;  https://www.fulbright.ca/
American students must apply directly to Fulbright Canada via Fulbright’s website: https://www.fulbright.ca/programs/undergraduate-students/fulbright-canada-mitacs-globalink-program (Please do not complete an application in Mitacs’s application platform)
Eligible Institutions :
All accredited United States universities
Join a thriving innovation ecosystem .
Subscribe to our newsletter now!
Subscribe
Mitacs is funded by the Government of Canada, the Government of Alberta, the Government of British Columbia, Research Manitoba, the Government of New Brunswick, the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, the Government of Nova Scotia, the Government of Ontario, Innovation PEI, the Government of Quebec, the Government of Saskatchewan, and the Government of Yukon.
Partners & Investors
Business
Not-for-profit
Professor
Student &#038; Postdoc
Colleges and Polytechnic
Partner with us
Explore
Mitacs Innovation Awards
Indigenous Pathways
Completed Projects
Open Projects
Special Offers
Mitacs Plus
Company
About Mitacs
Mitacs Advisors
Strategic Plan
Annual Report
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Careers
Stewardship
Resources
Innovation Insights
News and Events
Media Kit
Training
Resources for Research Administrators
Mitacs Inc. is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone and applying the relevant accessibility standards. Please inform us if you encounter accessibility barriers via email at: [email&#160;protected] .
Policies
Sitemap
RSS Feed
We Support Diversity
Privacy Statement

===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.mitacs.ca/about/policies/ =====
Mitacs Policies: Corporate and Program Guidelines - Mitacs
Contact Us
News &#038; Events
Mitacs Plus
Français
Get Started
Menu
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About Mitacs
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Programs
About
Strategic Plan 2026-2030
About
Impact
Innovation Insights
Completed Projects
Mitacs Plus
Contact
News &#038; Events
English
Français
Get Started
Search our Site:
Policies
Corporate Policies
Mitacs Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
Mitacs Board Diversity Policy
Mitacs Privacy Policy – Websites and Services
Mitacs Privacy Policy &#8211; Applicants and Participants
Mitacs Intellectual Property Policy
Mitacs Whistleblower Policy
Program & Research Policies
Mitacs Responsible Conduct of Research Policy
Research Security Plan
Mitacs Accelerate Start and End Dates Policy
Mitacs Conflict of Interest Policy
Mitacs Confidentiality Policy
Mitacs Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Research and Innovation Policy
Mitacs Indigenous Research and Innovation Policy
Adjudication Criteria
Academic Institution Acknowledgement
Travel and Hospitality Policy
Mitacs Use of Funds Policy
Mitacs Project Cancellation Policy
Mitacs&#8217;s Policy on the Use of Artificial Intelligence in Proposal Development and Review
Mitacs Programs Terms and Conditions
Participant Terms and Conditions
Academic Institution Terms and Conditions
Corporate Policies
Mitacs Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
Mitacs Diversity Policy
Mitacs Privacy Policy – Websites and Services
Mitacs Privacy Policy &#8211; Applicants and Participants
Mitacs Intellectual Property Policy
Politique en matière de dénonciation de Mitacs
Program & Research Policies
Mitacs Responsible Conduct of Research Policy
Research Security Plan
Mitacs Accelerate Start and End Dates Policy
Mitacs Conflict of Interest Policy
Mitacs Confidentiality Policy
Politique sur l’équité, la diversité et l’inclusion pour la recherche et l’innovation de Mitacs
Politique sur la recherche et l’innovation autochtones de Mitacs
Adjudication Criteria
Academic Institution Acknowledgement
Travel and Hospitality Policy
Mitacs Use of Funds Policy
Politique d’annulation de projet de Mitacs
Politique de Mitacs sur l’utilisation de l’intelligence artificielle dans l’élaboration et l’évaluation de propositions
Mitacs Programs Terms and Conditions
Participant Terms and Conditions
Academic Institution Terms and Conditions
Join a thriving innovation ecosystem .
Subscribe to our newsletter now!
Subscribe
Partners & Investors
Business
Not-for-profit
Professor
Student &#038; Postdoc
Colleges and Polytechnic
Partner with us
Explore
Mitacs Innovation Awards
Indigenous Pathways
Completed Projects
Open Projects
Special Offers
Mitacs Plus
Company
About Mitacs
Mitacs Advisors
Strategic Plan
Annual Report
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Careers
Stewardship
Resources
Innovation Insights
News and Events
Media Kit
Training
Resources for Research Administrators
Mitacs Inc. is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone and applying the relevant accessibility standards. Please inform us if you encounter accessibility barriers via email at: [email&#160;protected] .
Policies
Sitemap
RSS Feed
We Support Diversity
Privacy Statement