===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.nsfgrfp.org/ =====
Home - NSF Graduate Research Fellowships Program (GRFP)
Skip to main content
Contact GRFP Support: grfp@nsf.gov
What is GRFP?
Solicitation
Benefits
Fellowship Benefits
Five year fellowship period with three years of
financial support
Annual stipend of $37,000
Cost-of-education allowance of $16,000 to the
institution
No post-graduate study service
requirement
Access to supplemental funding to sustain research
while on medical leave.
close
The purpose of the NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP) is to help ensure the quality, vitality, and strength of the scientific and engineering workforce of the United States. Since 1952, the program recognizes and supports outstanding graduate students who are pursuing full-time research-based master's and doctoral degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields, including STEM education. NSF GRFP was established to recruit and support individuals who demonstrate the potential to make significant contributions in STEM, including STEM education. NSF encourages applications from the full spectrum of talent that the U.S. has to offer.
Learn More About GRFP.
Deadlines
Deadline
Subject(s)
November 7, 2025:
The reference letter acceptance period has closed.
November 10, 2025:
The Life Sciences application period has closed.
November 12, 2025:
Computer and Information Science and Engineering;
Materials Research; Psychology; Social, Behavioral and
Economic Sciences; STEM Education and Learning application period has closed.
November 13, 2025:
Engineering application period has closed.
November 14, 2025:
Chemistry; Geosciences; Mathematical Sciences; Physics and
Astronomy application periods have closed.
November 15, 2025:
The application withdraw period has closed.
Applicants
Am I Eligible
Am I Eligible
To be eligible for the NSF GRFP, you must:
Must, at the time of submission, be a U.S. citizen,
national, or a permanent resident (“green-card” holder)
Must intend to enroll or be enrolled full-time in an
eligible research-based master's or doctoral degree
program in an eligible field of study in STEM, including
STEM education (See Appendix and Section IV.3 for
eligible Fields of Study);
Never have previously accepted a Graduate Research
Fellowship;
Have declined any previously offered Graduate Research
Fellowship by the deadline (if applicable);
Have completed less than one academic year in a graduate
degree program (according to the institution’s academic
calendar; non-degree coursework must be clearly
identified in the transcript and does not count toward
this limit). This means individuals in the following
statuses at the time of application are eligible:
Level 1: Undergraduate in the final (senior) year of a
bachelor’s degree program
Level 1: Bachelor’s degree-holder with NO enrollment in a
graduate degree program (non-degree graduate
coursework allowed)
Level 2: Individual enrolled in a joint bachelor’s-master’s
degree program with at least three undergraduate years
completed
Level 2: First-year graduate student in their first graduate
degree program with less than one academic year
completed in the degree program (according to
institution’s academic calendar)
Individuals enrolled in joint bachelor’s-master’s degree
programs are considered graduate students. For GRFP,
joint bachelor’s-master’s degrees are defined as degrees
concurrently pursued and awarded.
Not be a current NSF employee.
Click here for more information
close
How do I Apply?
FAQs
Events
GRFP recognizes and supports outstanding graduate students who are pursuing full-time research-based master's and doctoral degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields, including STEM education. NSF GRFP was established to recruit and support individuals who demonstrate the potential to make significant contributions in STEM, including STEM education.
Reviewers
FAQs
NSF welcomes scientists and engineers to serve as reviewers of
GRFP applications. Serving as a GRFP Reviewer is an excellent
opportunity to apply your research and career expertise to help
identify future science and engineering leaders.
Reference Writers
Requirements
FAQs
Reference letters are a key component of a strong GRFP application
package. The most effective reference letters provide detailed and
specific information about how an applicant meets the NSF Merit
Review Criteria of Intellectual Merit and Broader Impacts.

===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.nsfgrfp.org/applicants/applicant-eligibility.html =====
Applicants Eligibility - NSF Graduate Research Fellowships Program (GRFP)
Skip to main content
Contact GRFP Support: grfp@nsf.gov
Applicants
Am I eligible
Field of Study
How do I apply?
Merit Review
Application FAQs
Application Tips
Submission Help
Additional Resources
Applicant Eligibility
The NSF GRF Program Solicitation contains the official eligibility guidelines for the upcoming competition. All applicants are expected to read the NSF GRF Program Solicitation and understand the eligibility guidelines.
Applicants are expected to self-certify that they are eligible to receive the Fellowship by taking Eligibility questionnaire .
To be eligible, an applicant must meet all of the following eligibility criteria by the application deadline:
Must, at the time of submission, be a U.S. citizen, national, or
a permanent resident (“green-card” holder)
Must intend to enroll or be enrolled full-time in an eligible
research-based master's or doctoral degree program in an
eligible field of study in STEM, including STEM education (See
Appendix and Section IV.3 for eligible Fields of Study);
Never have previously accepted a Graduate Research Fellowship;
Have declined any previously offered Graduate Research
Fellowship by the deadline (if applicable);
Have completed less than one academic year in a graduate degree
program (according to the institution’s academic calendar;
non-degree coursework must be clearly identified in the
transcript and does not count toward this limit). This means
individuals in the following statuses at the time of application
are eligible:
Level 1: Undergraduate in the final (senior) year of a bachelor’s
degree program
Level 1: Bachelor’s degree-holder with NO enrollment in a graduate
degree program (non-degree graduate coursework allowed)
Level 2: Individual enrolled in a joint bachelor’s-master’s degree
program with at least three undergraduate years completed
Level 2: First-year graduate student in their first graduate degree
program with less than one academic year completed in the
degree program (according to institution’s academic calendar)
Individuals enrolled in joint bachelor’s-master’s degree
programs are considered graduate students. For GRFP, joint
bachelor’s-master’s degrees are defined as degrees concurrently
pursued and awarded.
Not be a current NSF employee.
The GRF Program Solicitation contains the official eligibility criteria for the GRFP competition. All applicants should read the program solicitation carefully before applying.
Click Here For The GRFP Eligibility Questionnaire

===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.nsfgrfp.org/applicants/application-resources.html =====
Applicants Resources - NSF Graduate Research Fellowships Program (GRFP)
Skip to main content
Contact GRFP Support: grfp@nsf.gov
Applicants
Am I eligible
Field of Study
How do I apply?
Merit Review
Application FAQs
Application Tips
Submission Help
Additional Resources
Application Resources
This section describes the different components of the GRFP Application. Applicants must submit the following information through the GRFP Module:
Personal
Information
Level Selection
Education,
Work and Other Experience
Proposed Field(s)
of Study
Reference Letter
Information
Personal, Relevant Background and Future Goals and Graduate Research Plan Statements
Number of Times an Individual May Apply
An eligible applicant can submit only one application per annual competition.
Undergraduate seniors in bachelor’s degree programs and bachelor's degree holders with no prior enrollment in a graduate degree program have no restrictions on the number of times they can apply before enrolling in a graduate degree-granting program.
Individuals enrolled in joint bachelor's-master's degree programs are considered graduate students and can apply only once.
Individuals enrolled in graduate degree programs can apply only once, in the first year of their first graduate program.
Additional detail about the GRFP Application Module can be found by reviewing the GRFP Application Module
Templates have been provided to assist you with formatting.
GRFP Graduate Research Plan Template
GRFP Personal Statement Template

===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.nsfgrfp.org/reviewers/registration.html =====
Reviewer Registration - NSF Graduate Research Fellowships Program (GRFP)
Skip to main content
Contact GRFP Support: grfp@nsf.gov
Reviewers
Why Serve
Who Can Serve
How to Serve
Review Process
FAQs
Additional Resources
Reviewer Registration
Prospective Reviewers
Reviewer invitations are issued based on reviewer needs
resulting from the size and composition of the applicant pool.
Registering
with Research.gov signifies that you are willing to be
considered as a reviewer for the upcoming review session.
Every attempt will be made to invite interested potential
reviewers. However, invitations may not be made if there is
limited need for reviewers in a specific field.
Registering in the reviewer system or creating a profile does
not commit you to serving as a GRFP Reviewer. Based on
anticipated needs, NSF will send formal invitations to
registered individuals in the fall.
If you have registered in the past, you can log back in and
make updates as needed. If you have not registered before,
please create an account.
Reviewer volunteer registration is now open