===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.mfat.govt.nz/en/aid-and-development/new-zealand-scholarships/ =====
Manaaki New Zealand Scholarships | MANAAKI | Education New Zealand
Why study in New Zealand
Types of Scholarships
Types of Scholarships
Scholarships for undergraduate and postgraduate study
Thematic Short Term Training Scholarships
Vocational Short Term Training Scholarships
English Language Training for Officials Scholarships
Quick links
Apply online
Manaaki Scholar Code of Conduct
International Tertiary Students
International Tertiary Students
1. Check eligible countries
5. How to apply for a scholarship
2. Check eligibility criteria
6. How we select scholars
3. Study subjects
7. Preferred candidates: what to do
4. Research available courses
8. Scholars: get ready to start
Quick links
Apply online
Manaaki Scholar Code of Conduct
Apply online
Manaaki New Zealand Scholarships
Applications for Samoa Foundation open midnight 4 August 2026 and close midday 4 September 2026
Nau Mai, Haere Mai
Welcome to the home of Manaaki New Zealand scholarships.
Manaaki New Zealand Scholarships help build prosperity, security, and sustainable growth in partner countries and fosters a lifetime connection to Aotearoa New Zealand and the leaders of tomorrow.
Recipients of a Manaaki New Zealand Scholarship build life-long connections to each other and to Aotearoa New Zealand while gaining a globally recognised education, an authentically New Zealand experience, and the tools to help their countries achieve the futures they deserve.
The Manaaki New Zealand Scholarship Programme aims to enhance the mana of partner countries and Aotearoa New Zealand through manaakitanga - the act of hosting, supporting and honouring manaaki scholars.
A Manaaki New Zealand scholarship will change and enrich your life. Hear from our scholars about why they love studying in New Zealand on scholarship.
Read More >>
Types of Scholarships
Scholarships for undergraduate and postgraduate study
Thematic Short Term Training Scholarships
Vocational Short Term Training Scholarships
English Language Training for Officials
" Once we take care of nature, nature will take care of us. And that would be the best thing that I will bring back home to the Philippines."
Cherrisse Adlawan - Manaaki scholar
Alumni story - Danny Shadrech - Oceanographer
Manaaki scholar - Jose Neto
More information
Why study in New Zealand
Experience New Zealand’s quality education system, while enjoying warm hospitality and a safe and relaxing lifestyle.
Types of scholarship
The New Zealand Government offers Manaaki New Zealand Scholarships including full academic scholarships and short term training...
Scholarships for international tertiary students
Everything international students need to know about Manaaki New Zealand Scholarships for academic undergraduate or postgraduate...
Contact us:
Online enquiry form
Education New Zealand | Manapou ki te Ao
160 Lambton Quay, Wellington 6011
All Content © Education New Zealand 2026
www.govt.nz
Privacy Policy
Sitemap