===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.studyinnl.org/finances/nl-scholarship =====
NL Scholarship | Study in NL
Skip to main content
Go to the homepage
Study in NL
Your official starting point to studying in the Netherlands
Search
Remove search
Search
Search
Show all results
No content has been found with the given search term.
Searching for results...
Menu
Home
Dutch education
Finances
Plan your stay
Life in NL
After your studies
Student stories
Newsletter
Home
Dutch education
Finances
Plan your stay
Life in NL
After your studies
Student stories
Newsletter
Home
Finances
NL Scholarship
NL Scholarship
The NL Scholarship (formerly known as Holland Scholarship) is meant for international students from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who want to do their bachelor’s or master’s in the Netherlands. Are you ready for the chance of a lifetime? Apply for the NL Scholarship!
What's on this page?
About this scholarship
How to apply
Deadlines
Video
Flyer
Collapse anchor menu
Expand anchor menu
About this scholarship
This scholarship is financed by the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science as well as several Dutch research universities and universities of applied sciences.
The scholarship amounts to € 5,000. You will receive this in the first year of your studies. Please note that this is not a full-tuition scholarship.
How to apply
Application criteria
Your nationality is non-EEA.
You are applying for a full-time bachelor’s or master’s programme at one of the participating Dutch higher education institutions.
You meet the specific requirements of the institution of your choice. You can find these on the website of the institution.
You do not have a degree from an education institution in the Netherlands.
Code of conduct
Nuffic or programmes managed by Nuffic may not be involved in activities involving unacceptable behaviour. It can be about interpersonal or financial misconduct or abuses of power. Nuffic has an Integrity Code of Conduct to combat unacceptable behaviour. In addition, activities involving the following situations/behaviour are considered unacceptable:
bankruptcy, insolvency or winding-up procedures;
breach of obligations relating to the payment of taxes or social security contributions;
conduct related to a criminal organisation;
money laundering or terrorist financing;
terrorist offenses or offenses linked to terrorist activities;
irregularity;
creating a shell company;
being a shell company.
When we implement our programmes, we acknowledge our Code of Conduct. In our Code of Conduct we describe how we put our mission and values into practice every day. We explain the professional and ethical behaviour that is expected from all of us and those who handle individual NL Scholarships.
Read our Code of Conduct .
Participating research universities and universities of applied sciences
The list of participating universities changes every year. Below you can find an overview of the Dutch research universities participating in the NL Scholarship for the 2026-2027 academic year.
Participating research universities 2026-2027
Below is an overview of the Dutch research universities participating in the NL Scholarship for the 2026-2027 academic year. You can find the specific closing dates and the fields of study for this academic year on the website of the institution you want to apply to.
Eindhoven University of Technology
Maastricht University
Protestant Theological University
Radboud University
Theological University Apeldoorn
University of Groningen
University of Twente
Utrecht Theological University
Utrecht University
VU Amsterdam
Wageningen University & Research
Participating universities of applied sciences 2026-2027
Below is an overview of the Dutch universities of applied sciences participating in the NL Scholarship for the 2026-2027 academic year.
Aeres University of Applied Sciences
Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences
Amsterdam University of the Arts
ArtEZ Institute of the Arts
Breda University of Applied Sciences
Codarts Rotterdam
Design Academy Eindhoven
Driestar Christian University
Fontys University of Applied Sciences
Gerrit Rietveld Academie
The Hague University of Applied Sciences
Hanze University of Applied Sciences
Hotelschool The Hague
HAN University of Applied Sciences
HKU University of Applied Sciences
HU University of Applied Sciences Utrecht
HZ University of Applied Sciences
NHL Stenden University of Applied Sciences
Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences
Saxion University of Applied Sciences
Thomas More Hogeschool
University of the Arts, The Hague
Zuyd University of Applied Sciences
Deadlines
The application for the academic year 2026-2027 opened on 1 November 2025. Please check the website of the institution you want to apply to for the specific deadline(s).
Video
This video supports you with important information on how to apply for a NL scholarship.
If you want to see this video, YouTube will install cookies.
Accept cookies
Read more about cookies
Flyer
You can download the NL scholarship flyer (225.5 kB) as a pdf.
About us
About Study in NL
Our newsletter
Events
Contact
Contact details
Support in your home country
Complaints and objections
Report a vulnerability
Footer
Copyright
Accessibility
Cookie statement
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Social links
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube