===== SOURCE PAGE: https://www.raise.me/ =====
Raise Me
Skip to content
College Search
How it Works
Students
High School Students
Community College Students
Parents
Educators
Counselors & Teachers
Educator Resources
Resources
Help Center
Student Blog
About Us
Log In
Sign Up
Menu
College Search
How it Works
Students
High School Students
Community College Students
Parents
Educators
Counselors & Teachers
Educator Resources
Resources
Help Center
Student Blog
About Us
Log In
Sign Up
It’s Time for Your Hard Work to Pay Off
Your classmates have earned thousands on Raise Me. Now it’s your turn.
Go on, sign up. It’s free!
I'm a Student
I'm an Educator
Just Want to Browse Colleges?
Start Searching Now
Here's the Deal
1. Add Achievements
Highlight your hard work inside and outside the classroom.
2. Unlock Scholarships
Keep your portfolio up to date with the latest and greatest—and see your scholarships stack up.
3. Discover Great Colleges
Find your best-fit college with Raise Me.
Wynn Phillips
Earned $54,385
from Susquehanna University
"I found Raise Me helpful because I really didn't have
any direction towards schools and the cost was a huge
concern going into it. Raise Me opened my eyes to schools
that are willing to give back to their students and that
was very important to me."
Shay Mousavi
Earned $5,551
from Florida International University
"Raise Me is one of the easiest and most helpful scholarship
opportunities someone can apply for. [&#8230;] All students
have to do is enter their information and get awarded for their
hard work. Raise Me is the reason I don't have to stress to cough
up money for college. I appreciate them everyday and I hope every
high school student takes the time to apply and be rewarded.
Thank you, Raise Me!"
Jesus Guadalupe Valenzuela
Earned $6,575
from University of Arizona
"Raise Me motivated me throughout high school by allowing
me to visualize the amount of financial aid that I was eligible
to receive for my various accomplishments. I was eager to raise
that amount as the years progressed. By incorporating myself in
the activities I already enjoyed such as basketball, A.P. courses
and extracurricular clubs, it was easy to be rewarded. [&#8230;]
It's organizations like Raise Me that inspire the young minds of
my generation to do their best."
How one high schooler made $80K (without getting a job)
Abby Saxastar raised $80,000 on [Raise Me], which will fully cover
her tuition at Stetson University, a private college in central Florida.
"I've always been very successful in school and I've also done a lot of
volunteer work," said Saxastar. "But I still had to figure out how
to pay for college."
Read More
Got an A in Algebra? That's Worth $120
By highlighting and rewarding certain academic and extracurricular
activities, [Raise Me] helps level the college playing — and paying —
field for low-income students who may not receive the same kind of
parental advice at home as their higher-income peers.
Read More
Startup Lets High Schoolers Earn Scholarships By Caring For Family Members
With its new "family assistance scholarships," [Raise Me] is hoping to
enable a growing movement among selective colleges to recognize
contributions by low-income students — those who are often shut
out of the traditional college admissions horserace because of
family obligations and limited opportunities.
Read More
Explore Financial Pathways to College and Earn Micro-Scholarships for High School Achievements
Raise Me does its part by supporting students across their entire educational and social journey. Although many micro-scholarships reward academic performance, others reward sports participation. All told, Raise Me accommodates hundreds of earning options.
Read More
Some of our College Partners
Raise Me partners with universities to offer students scholarships for their achievements during high school and college.
Raise Me &copy; 2026
About
Jobs
Help
Contact
Educators
Parents
Higher Ed
Blog
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Terms
College search
Sitemap
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Download Raise Me today!